before it began let me stop by saying
this movie raises some very important
questions what else it was a baby did
she cry snowflakes and in a rural daddy
did you poo-poo fudgesicles the stars of
our movie today ah everyone that was in
the first movie plus some forest folks -
Prince putz play our story begins with
okay I have a few observations and
questions about these children in their
play time events why does honor I have
mr. fancy Prince and Miss sno-cones
making out was she just a little child
and what happens when names note or
piles melt and the water leaked down to
the lower levels of the castle aren't
they worried about the hired help
slipping and falling and filing for
workers comp if you'll keep in school
it's Elsa one janitors 0 and L secretes
the main character from big hero six
Barney Dumbo a demonic Olaf while she
chokes a giraffe from The Lion King um
ah ha ha you're gonna keep see Baba hey
so what I'm trying to say is King Agnes
or whatever his name is
it don't matter the story about him he
comes in and tells him some story to
seem like it gonna be all light and
happy but it ends up being about some
big brutal battle and did his peppy went
flying off a cliff with the other guy
but he don't even mention him and you
think your in-laws don't get along and
then Elsa's daddy become king of
Rivendell or whatever the name of the
damn kingdom is not that matters because
the spirits of the forest are angry and
they're better oh well they asked a lady
quickly and I don't know why doesn't
keep instilling in children the idea
that we may parents die they get to go
on an adventure where really they get to
go to an orphanage and that little
children is How I Met Your Mother and
our relationship has endured because all
our parents deceased ok he didn't tell
them that pop but be honest you know
your relationships we going better if
your partner's parents just up and
deceased I hope I have provided you with
a happy image of your in-laws flying off
a cliff
then she tells them about a river that
knows all the secrets of the past and
then sings them a song and see this is
what people think is like to cuddle with
your mama but all I recall is mama with
her arm around my
damn neck falling asleep while we watch
the movie and me having to piss and me
not moving because I didn't want to wake
the woman up
that's my lullaby sitting there in the
rocking chair under Mama's arm having to
piss fast forward to a few years after
the frozen one where else is hearing
voices
Olaf is still annoying and Christoph is
so desperate he's contemplating marriage
to his pet and then Elsa his voices
again and busts up the family time
because she's a drama queen
so basically else are doing Elsa things
and then else that gives voices again
and sings a good song to sound like in
an ER now now probably a good time to
tell y'all what I did at which Disney
character are you quiz I got Olaf
wouldn't you know a heart dams chrétien
done woke up the spirits and they do
exactly what I said they would do which
is nation up so all the arendelle's flee
the scene of the crime and I was like
what a bit and I was like we'll see yeah
I've been hearing some creepy voice
singing to me from the beyond so I sang
back Hey turns out my songs annoy
parents and the faux spirits of the
enchanted forest and I was like what in
essence like the false version of the
enchanted forest
hey Ron says you were hearing voices how
has the family string failed you so tell
it to your [ __ ] then the Papa Yoda
Smurf Grand Poobah be enlightened trolls
rolls up with his posse and what is he
saying what does he say he says a lot of
damn words and gets a visual of the dam
dam but how does he know that the past
is not what it seems when he shows the
dam dam unless he knows somebody got to
break the dam dam and if that don't make
no sense to you I don't give a damn damn
and I appreciate it Olaf and I don't
mind it too much for the first hundred
miles but Olaf you've been talking for a
thousand miles then else is like [ __ ]
shut it
didn't they get to the forest and they
see somebody been cutting muffins
fluffing air biscuits busting Grumpy's
cranking stinkers getting Gone with the
Wind
oh you that special bit welcome didn't
they go into there now
let's roll out the red leaf copy and
seed there it is the dam dam then the
wind spirit is like another this dam
sightseeing does this look like good
Disneyland and this is like joke muslin
my discount didn't they see some memory
foam statues of the past and recognize
their daddy but not their mama which
don't make no damn sense to me but does
it make believe then a very contentious
family reunion and if you're Elsa you
may just go sliding on the axes it's
what you do
and Elsa tames the fire spirit look at
it really cute then they find out their
mothers say dead daddy and she was Queen
Adina a nooner adele dazeem queen adele
dazeem then else is like i'm gonna make
this right and i was like that's a
pretty big promise Elsa
yeah it's always the ones can't do try
to bring your bow else down
dump can't do bit and then they have a
little campout where Elsa finds out
there's a fifth spirit and oh my god who
the hell cares I've ever India's adult
and then some rocks fear show up who
look just like your country memo big
round lines and they skin from smoking
too many cigs shaking the ground when
they won't I don't think some man
abandoned her for no reason even though
he's never done anything like that
before
because Ana's a neurotic egghead it's
best to quit Christoph Singh's an
anachronistic Diddy with a great melody
and weak lyrics Elsa non-affine their
Mama and Daddy ship and I'm just
wondering how they knew their Mama and
Daddy died when ain't nobody found a
damn ship no survivors then where the
stories come from I wonder ain't nobody
ever seen castaway I bet you day mama
and daddy off somewhere growing big
beers knocking out the rotten molars
with one else's ice skates talking to
some dumbass volleyball with too much
yelling his wig Hey okay dish don't make
sense to me
are you telling me Elsa is a waterbender
so as it turns out Elsa's parents died
trying to find out why they couldn't
just have a normal child then that's
like I need some me time thanks hon see
Elsa what you need is one of them porta
potti DOS so when you go at the wave you
can yell hold on Wilson Elsa attends our
underwater rodeo did she builds a doll
she rides on and good things she ain't
gotta fit rose on that thing else that's
I'm just limo Elsa learned she's the
fifth spirit Elsa learns the voice
the Doudna Adina Hakuna Matata tomorrow
and Pumbaa hey Elsa finds out how
grandpappy was a she she do he really
was and then else's hand goes and then
Olaf goes and while all this things are
sad song about how she got to get rid of
the damn damn let me just ask y'all what
is with these stories about special
magical children produced as a result of
their mother's selfless acts of love
first of all - Harry Potter second my
mama made plenty of sacrifices and I
can't do the only magic I can perform is
needing to 1 hour and 43 minutes runtime
in this movie to make a box of pop tops
disappear then I don't waste the earth
troll Monster thing is up and damn
morning breath Mustaine something rancid
and they puts down the dam dam and the
spirits thought else it's Frigidaire
Frigidaire frigidaria
and she rides in on her Jesus Olson
duper key duty and they can all see the
sky and they like 525,600 minutes and
also rides in on that Seabiscuit again
and it's like I fell through ice and
water until it last I threw down my
enemy and smote his ruin upon the
mountainside
I am Gandalf the White and then
Christoph says something sexist and then
else is like you want a better snowman
there crystal proposes to honor and his
damn rain dog cries then olive becomes
the Queen and then Christoph shaves his
head and he and I are going to start
their new hit Broadway musical the Queen
and I been honest says Elsa an
invitation to more family time and hopes
Elsa won't go mental and hear voices
again and this is like I'm king of the
world
then and then born back dance known for
it back at my alone no blah blah
blabbity blah I'll be sure to LIKE share
and subscribe for your regular hash tag
meth Friday and thank you to these fine
folks who contribute 10 dollars or more
each month to keep this channel alive
Kelly is Tina D car OS Brian P day
Oh Anna M Donna G mie Melanie M and
Adrienne P some things never change
like I don't my patrons are while I'm on
the topic I need help please consider
our contribution towards my monthly goal
visit me at patreon.com slash movies
explained for to help a bit out for more
is explained for i'm jim a donor a dive